meanwhile back in Jimbo's secret lair
perfect or a little idiot there sleepy
let me go ahead and see how everything's
going so far see this place isn't very
easy to open you might not do those
method of goofballs our sleep right now
I can approach Oh where's that star leaf
aha
there she is are you so cruel why you
how dare you get yourself untied just
great now I'm gonna have to tie you
again now I'll be supposed to tie you
again
I don't know but nothing now let me go
ahead tie you look at what you did no I
got to tell you again I'm sorry
nah shut up this is it's all your fault
my family with your plan I'm sorry
oh shut up I said shut up I don't care
because I want what are those meddling
fools to die one of them shall die
during your rescue Riley I've got you
tied fine why why do you want me beat
your tie like a seal because I have a
perfect weapon to kill them what's your
weapon you don't even have anything as
long as I can tell not even a violent
brutal heartbreaking that killing was
she like this
a knife is this oh you expected me is
this what you're asking yes please put
it down it's scary
oh don't worry my precious darling this
is gonna be for you this is gonna be for
idiots the most idiotic person I find in
a team I don't think he's an idiot but
this is amazing no not Elmo
that's rainbow crash yeah that one that
one shall die now you just stay there do
nothing and just sit there waiting while
I go get some more people cuz I don't
know they're on their way they've got to
die and I hate people help now if you
excuse me just shut up stay there don't
do anything let's see if I can find some
helpers here anybody wants to help we'll
get paid money yes perfect I'll help you
me too yeah me too
yay Wow this isn't exactly as much
person as I expected but whatever this
oh this will be enough people oh just
great quick people we can't let them see
us
don't worry were deadly warriors so
harder to be able to attack us attack
don't worry tomorrow they shall find us
barn we shall be fighting for lives
tomorrow as today we shall be fighting
for our lives uh yes you dumped
birdbrain is it true that's gonna be
front of her lives
what does she just say the fighting
different lives
exactly you moron yes duh what'd you
expect when I say this is a fighting
anger right understood birdbrain yeah
yeah
ha perfect cuz if not I have to go get
that secret weapon under the pillow and
don't worry I'm just kidding this is
gonna be for you this is gonna be for
some idiot that's named rainbow crash
hmm you're gonna kill Raymond awesome
your while each other
ugly rainbow mane pony yeah yeah be
quiet
they're going to hear us I wanna go any
wake them up
anyways that's preparing to see us later
okay
hide somewhere special order new they're
gonna be the surprise of their lives
with y'all pop out of your hiding place
you've got to be ready just scared into
their deaths
I'll be hiding on top of ah hi well no I
can't let you drop off already anyways
I'm going to hide right here meanwhile
with the heroes right here looking for
clues hmm I think we may be going there
and yeah wait up ah guys wait up
well then at least you got our weapons
Wow look look at them there I wonder why
it looks really messy that place
yeah yeah that's really messy Rainbow
Dash yeah those look really messy you
know not to mention it's very messy
think I'll just go and open that door
yeah oh my lights - all right a light
Sun and what surprised sorry to surprise
y'all